# Song-generator



It doesn't completely work at the moment, but when it does it'll use markov chains to generate random songs from any particular artist.



Example, using harry potter as a source (rhyming and rythmn not currently implemented):

chortled Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that man had to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. Mr. Dursley crept to the ground. The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed. Nothing like this man had to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?" "Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight." Mr. Dursley drove around the corner the cat out of his mind by something else. As he had been broken at least twice. This man's name was Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the window in his mind. As he pulled into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to look again. There was a few words of what they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were whispering excitedly, too, and he said in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the other end of the cat out of his mind. As he pulled into the living room in time to catch the last report on the steering wheel and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of number four's drive. It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something. But he did have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was something to do with... you know... her crowd." Mrs. Dursley had had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn't think he could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters... Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister. "No," she said sharply. "Why?" "Funny stuff on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was no finer boy anywhere. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley gave himself a grin. "Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the Potters? If it did... if it got out that they were saying. "The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard -" "- yes, their son, Harry -" [....] "Sorry," he grunted, as the tiny old man hugged Mr. Dursley drove around the corner of Privet Drive, were proud to say something to do with... you know... her crowd." Mrs. Dursley was the same markings around its eyes. "Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley, however, had a small son, too, but they had never hoped before, because he didn't think he could bear it. The traffic moved on and a few seconds before Mr. Dursley was the same one; it had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the other end of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a secret, and their kind.... [...] A man appeared on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks until he passed a group of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window. At half past eight, Mr. Dursley arrived in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a little shake and put the cat seemed to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?" "Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet night tonight." Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got into his belt. He was busy rummaging in his mind. His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that somebody would discover it. They didn't think they could bear it. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley came into the living room in time to catch the last people you'd expect to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people! He supposed this was probably some silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something... yes, that would be it. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was nothing about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley stiffly. "What's his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his high chair. None of them next to the ground. The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed. Nothing like this man had to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. Mr. Dursley arrived in a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all, they normally pretended she didn't have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys had a small son, too, but they also had a perfectly normal, thank 